Reviewers Comments:
Reviewer: 1

Comments to the Author
This paper focuses on the task scheduling problem in satellite-ground edge computing, and the theme meets the needs of the field. Although it attempts to propose a solution by combining cost modeling with reinforcement learning, there are significant flaws in key parts such as model construction and simulation experiment analysis, resulting in insufficient overall innovation and rigor. The specific issues are as follows:
1. The paper focuses on the static scheduling problem of a single satellite and a single ground station, and the problem construction is relatively simple. Traditional algorithms can quickly obtain the optimal solution. As the authors also mentioned in the reinforcement learning algorithm that "there is no dynamic state transition", the authors need to further clarify the applicability and research motivation of intelligent algorithms such as reinforcement learning for such simple scenarios.  
2. The key parameters in the paper are generated through random sampling within a certain range, ignoring the coupling characteristics between parameters such as energy consumption, computing resources, and latency. No specific communication model is constructed, nor is reference made to real distributions or correlation fitting. Within a certain range, contradictory samples that violate physical laws may also appear, such as scenarios where energy consumption is large but computing resources are small.
3. The range of parameter settings in the paper is unreasonable, and the authors need to conduct further research.
4. The design of algorithm indicators is unreasonable, and the core indicator "accuracy" is ambiguously defined. The authors need to further explain the definition of accuracy. If accuracy refers to the matching degree between the algorithm output and the known optimal strategy, there is a logical conflict with the research motivation of exploring non-optimal solution strategies through reinforcement learning.
5. The results in Figure 8 fail to verify the authors' claim that the algorithm "tends to converge easily". The authors need to supplement images showing the accuracy of episodes before convergence. Additionally, it is recommended to present the convergence of more critical indicators such as energy consumption and latency.
6. The simulation results fail to verify the effectiveness of the OSDQN-RSF algorithm. Though the paper mentions "Compared with the baseline DQN" multiple times, it only compares with the mode of processing all tasks on the satellite or all on the ground station instead of the baseline DQN. To validate the algorithm's effectiveness, ablation experiments for strategies like epsilon Reset and Flushing replay buffer, or comparisons with the unoptimized DQN, should be supplemented.
7. Abstract contains a format error; remove the superscript "1".
8. "The detailed test data can be found in the project source files" can be removed because the project source files are not open-source.